[THEME MUSIC]
>> TIM: They all know how to
move through time as a space.
There are also beings, like,
higher frequency beings,
that are living outside
of time, and that
brings a whole new perspective
upon the construct of time.
If you want to contact them,
there are places on this Earth,
pretty much the
ancient sites, where
this compression of frequency
of natural-occurring frequencies
and flows of energy
has happened.
There has been contact
over the years.
>> CRAMER: Some of the really
ancient species are some
of the most involved in
what's happening here.
After having had
conversations with them,
I'm far less concerned
about negative outcomes
because I just don't
think they're going
to allow it at this point.
>> TIM: I agree.
I think it's super interesting.
Even a species that has a
perspective outside of time
doesn't know everything,
and they make mistakes.